Hi.
Welcome.
In the last lecture, we created this class called Arts Culture.
And the first thing we did was to initialize the five base arts.
And over here, we created a function.
And over here, we simply said we want to be able to sign in user using the Google sign in method.
Okay.
Now, over here, we are not going to have access to the user details.
So what we simply did, first of all, was to check if the user is either logged in or not.
And over here we are having access to the user details.
And over here we are totally storing the data in the firebase parts.
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can then call this function.
Then it that's a call.
This function that is assigned and with Google will first need to have access to this odd controller
class.
Okay.
So now to do this, we are going to need to go to the login screen.
And the first thing to do is to initialize that class.
So over here we can create a variable and we can just go ahead and specify.
It is a type of controller and we can call this rainbow, underscore, underscore or controller.
Now the reason for this underscore is because we want this variable to be only accessible within this
file.
Okay.
So now we can say is equal to the hot controller.
Oh, it's quite a class.
Okay, now over here, we can then get rid of this, and we can then say on the school board, control
our start signing with Google.
Okay.
Now warned us that we need to take this away.
We're going to need to check this.
So whenever we get an error, it's never across our hop, but it just goes to show that error to the
debug console.
So make sure you uncheck this.
Okay.
And one more thing I need to do is to tell a filter that we want to initialize Firebase, or we want
to start using Firebase.
Okay.
So over here, we can, first of all, initialize all our widgets.
So you can set widgets.
Widgets.
Widgets flutter Biden.
Towards a sure.
Sure.
And sure initialize I'm is going to do this for a prediction.
I can't for the sake.
Okay.
Widgets.
FLATOW By the Dutch insurer.
Let's say we have the show.
And.
A conspiracy.
Sure.
Okay.
That's.
Insurance sales are up, so.
Okay.
We only need to call it.
This is going to take some time.
We need to think.
Okay.
And over here, you're going to see our weights.
And now we can initialize firebase.
So firebase.
Dot what is sure.
Initialize.
Okay.
So we're simply saying is we want to call our widget first and then we want to tell flowchart that we
want to start using the firebase.
It's going to take some time.
So we are waiting for it.
Okay.
And now we can we start this?
And now we can try.
Okay.
I've done this before to test the kids.
Are you saying this is going to go back?
Okay.
And.
Or to start.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
So now you can try.
You can then click now make sure you are using the API so it's not as I think you might get an error
because I was using the techy and I had some errors so you can click on this.
Okay.
Now we can check our seminar to make sure we don't have any error.
You can see we don't.
Okay.
We dance over here, you can see.
You can see it is loaded.
Okay.
Or you can just do is enter your your details.
Then after that, you're going to check here and you're going to see this.
Okay.
Look, I'm not going to go through this because of time, and you can just do that yourself.
Hopefully it works with that error.
So after that, you're going to see the user over here.
You can easily just refresh in case or reload in case you did not see it.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you.
And then switch.